[`Docs`] Fix typos (#7131)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/sdxl_turbo.md

You can also use the [`~StableDiffusionXLPipeline.from_single_file`] method to load a model checkpoint stored in a single file format (`.ckpt` or `.safetensors`) from the Hub or locally:

```py
from diffusers import StableDiffusionXLPipeline, EulerAncestralDiscreteScheduler
import torch

pipeline = StableDiffusionXLPipeline.from_single_file(
    "https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sdxl-turbo/blob/main/sd_xl_turbo_1.0_fp16.safetensors",
    torch_dtype=torch.float16, variant="fp16")
pipeline = pipeline.to("cuda")
pipeline.scheduler = EulerAncestralDiscreteScheduler.from_config(pipeline.scheduler.config, timestep_spacing="trailing")
```

> When using [`~StableDiffusionXLPipeline.from_single_file`], users can play around with the scheduler config values, but the main one is to set `timestep_spacing="trailing"`.

Reviewer: Let's put this right before the code example so users fully know what to expect.

```suggestion
For this loading method, you need to set `timestep_spacing="trailing"` (feel free to experiment with the other scheduler config values to get better results).
```

pipeline = pipeline.to("cuda")
```

> In this method, you need to set `timestep_spacing` parameter of the `StableDiffusionXLPipeline`'s scheduler to `'trailing'`.

Reviewer: Can you modify the code snippet to show this?

Author: Still being discussed here: #6112. Let's wait for what they say.

Reviewer: I think something like this should work no? Then also mention that users can play around with the scheduler config values, but the main one is to set `timestep_spacing="trailing"`.

```py
from diffusers import StableDiffusionXLPipeline, EulerAncestralDiscreteScheduler
import torch
pipeline = StableDiffusionXLPipeline.from_single_file(
    "https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/sdxl-turbo/blob/main/sd_xl_turbo_1.0_fp16.safetensors", torch_dtype=torch.float16)
pipeline.scheduler = EulerAncestralDiscreteScheduler.from_config(pipeline.scheduler.config, timestep_spacing="trailing")

prompt = "A croissant shaped like a cute bear."

image = pipeline(prompt=prompt, guidance_scale=0.0, num_inference_steps=1).images[0]
image
```
